Project Number 35 AR/WebXR for Public Engagement
Company and Contact Information Company: ASU/NASA Psyche
Mission Sponsor Name: Cassie Bowman Sponsor E-mail: cbowman5@asu.edu
Technical Contact: Technical Contact E-mail:

Project Description Overview: The NASA Psyche mission is an orbiter mission to the metal-rich asteroid, Psyche, in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter. The spacecraft, which launched in October 2023 and will arrive at the asteroid in mid-2029, will study the asteroid from orbit and will not land on the surface. The NASA Psyche mission has a large-scale 3D-printed model of its target asteroid. QR codes on the body of the 3D-printed asteroid allow museum visitors or students to use their smartphones to "orbit" the asteroid and "collect data" by scanning the codes. To increase the engagement of this activity, the mission invites teams to develop AR or WebXR projects (https://immersive-web.github.io/webxr-samples/) for this model in order to explain something about the mission. The Psyche team will provide the themes to choose from to help scope the project. Students who choose to work on this project should have experience with web development and a passion for creating engaging experiences for the public. Once complete, these projects will be incorporated onto the Psyche website (https://psyche.ssl.berkeley.edu) and shared with NASA’s Museum & Informal Education Alliance for use in museums and at public events around the country. Motivation: To increase the engagement of this activity, the mission invites teams to develop AR or WebXR projects (https://immersive-web.github.io/webxr-samples/) for this model in order to explain something about the mission.
